1. FTP – File Transfer Protocol: a software protocol for exchanging information between computers over a network.
2. HTTP – hypertext transfer protocol: the standard protocol for transferring hypertext documents on the World Wide Web.
3. MIME – the art or technique of portraying a character, mood, idea, or narration by gestures and bodily movements; pantomime.
4. MySQL – 
5. OOP – 
6. RPC – Royal Pioneer Corps
7. SOAP – a substance used for washing and cleansing purposes, usually made by treating a fat with an alkali, as sodium or potassium hydroxide, and consisting chiefly of the sodium or potassium salts of the acids contained in the fat.
8. Telnet – 
9. application – the act of putting to a special use or purpose: the application of common sense to a problem.
10. arbitrary – subject to individual will or judgment without restriction; contingent solely upon one's discretion: an arbitrary decision.
11. artificial intelligence – the capacity of a computer to perform operations analogous to learning and decision making in humans, as by an expert system, a program for CAD or CAM, or a program for the perception and recognition of shapes in computer vision systems. Abbreviation: AI, A.I.
12. binding – the act of fastening, securing, uniting, or the like.
13. capability – the quality of being capable; capacity; ability: His capability was unquestionable.
14. cited – to quote (a passage, book, author, etc.), especially as an authority: He cited the Constitution in his defense.
15. client-server connection – 
16. crucial – involving an extremely important decision or result; decisive; critical: a crucial experiment.
17. cryptography – the science or study of the techniques of secret writing, especially code and cipher systems, methods, and the like.
18. database – a comprehensive collection of related data organized for convenient access, generally in a computer.
19. daunting – to overcome with fear; intimidate: to daunt one's adversaries.
20. demand – to ask for with proper authority; claim as a right: He demanded payment of the debt.
21. determine – to settle or decide (a dispute, question, etc.) by an authoritative or conclusive decision.
22. devote – to give up or appropriate to or concentrate on a particular pursuit, occupation, purpose, cause, etc.: to devote one's time to reading.
23. diminished – to make or cause to seem smaller, less, less important, etc.; lessen; reduce.
24. distribute – to divide and give out in shares; deal out; allot.
25. efficient – performing or functioning in the best possible manner with the least waste of time and effort; having and using requisite knowledge, skill, and industry; competent; capable: a reliable, efficient assistant.
26. embeddable – 
27. essential – absolutely necessary; indispensable: Discipline is essential in an army.
28. evidence – that which tends to prove or disprove something; ground for belief; proof.
29. extensible – capable of being extended.
30. extension – an act or instance of extending, lengthening, stretching out, or enlarging the scope of something.
31. extensive – of great extent; wide; broad: an extensive area.
32. extent – the space or degree to which a thing extends; length, area, volume, or scope: the extent of his lands; to be right to a certain extent.
33. feature – a prominent or conspicuous part or characteristic: Tall buildings were a new feature on the skyline.
34. garbage – discarded animal and vegetable matter, as from a kitchen; refuse.
35. general-purpose – useful in many ways; not limited in use or function: a good general-purpose dictionary.
36. hardware – metalware, as tools, locks, hinges, or cutlery.
37. hence – as an inference from this fact; for this reason; therefore: The eggs were very fresh and hence satisfactory.
38. imperative – absolutely necessary or required; unavoidable: It is imperative that we leave.
39. internal – situated or existing in the interior of something; interior.
40. interpreter – a person who interprets.
41. introduce – to present (a person) to another so as to make acquainted.
42. involve – to include as a necessary circumstance, condition, or consequence; imply; entail: This job involves long hours and hard work.
43. iteration – the act of repeating; a repetition.
44. likewise – moreover; in addition; also; too: She is likewise a fine lawyer.
45. maintain – to keep in existence or continuance; preserve; retain: to maintain good relations with neighboring countries.
46. middleware – computer software that has an intermediary function between the various applications of a computer and its operating system
47. newbie – a newcomer or novice, especially an inexperienced user of the Internet or of computers in general.
48. object-oriented – pertaining to or denoting a system, programming language, etc., that supports the use of objects, as an entire image, a routine, or a data structure.
49. overriding – taking precedence over all other considerations.
50. paradigms –  Grammar. 
51. performance – a musical, dramatic, or other entertainment presented before an audience.
52. pipe – a hollow cylinder of metal, wood, or other material, used for the conveyance of water, gas, steam, petroleum, etc.
53. precision – the state or quality of being precise.
54. prehensive – 
55. procedural – of or relating to a procedure or procedures, especially of a court of law, legislative body, or law enforcement agency.
56. processes – a systematic series of actions directed to some end: to devise a process for homogenizing milk.
57. procured – to obtain or get by care, effort, or the use of special means: to procure evidence.
58. rapidly – occurring within a short time; happening speedily: rapid growth.
59. reinforce – to strengthen with some added piece, support, or material: to reinforce a wall.
60. seamlessly – having no seams: seamless stockings.
61. socket programming – 
62. spread – to draw, stretch, or open out, especially over a flat surface, as something rolled or folded (often followed by out).
63. stream – a body of water flowing in a channel or watercourse, as a river, rivulet, or brook.
64. strengths – the quality or state of being strong; bodily or muscular power; vigor.
65. sufficient – adequate for the purpose; enough: sufficient proof; sufficient protection.
66. suitable – such as to suit; appropriate; fitting; becoming.
67. treats – to act or behave toward (a person) in some specified way: to treat someone with respect.
68. unit testing – 
69. uptick – a rise or improvement in business activity, in mood, etc.
70. variety – the state of being varied or diversified: to give variety to a diet.
